Skip to contentOpen toolbar
Accessibility Tools

Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
 Reset
Skip to content
0800 720 601 (Toll Free)
customercare@nhif.or.ke
Self-Care
Register
New NHIF 2023 Logo
Home
About Us
About NHIF
Operations
Profile
Service Charter
Members
MEMBERS

Schemes
Registration
Benefits
Payments
MEMBERS

Pre-Authorization
Hospital Categories
Hospital Listing
NHIF Branches
STAKEHOLDERS
Employers
Hospitals
RESOURCES
NHIF Forms
FAQs
Tenders
Careers
Contact Us


edumall shape grid dots
edumall shape 01
Bima Bora
Afya BORA!
Universal health coverage (UHC) means that all people have access to the health services they need, when and where they need them, without financial hardship.


I would like to
NHIF Hero Image Home Tinified
Self Care

Register

Hospital Listing

Payroll Byproduct

NHIF Forms

Branches

Hospital Login

HICS Login

African Family, Man on Wheelchair
We Cushion Kenyans Against
Financial Hardship
National Health Insurance Fund is a State Parastatal that was established in 1966 as a department under the Ministry of Health. The original Act of Parliament that set up this Fund in 1966 has over the years been reviewed to accommodate the changing healthcare needs of the Kenyan population, employment and restructuring in the health sector.

About NHIF
News













Public Notices
UHC Supa Cover Logo Transparent
Do You Know About UHC Supa Cover?

The UHC Supa Cover is a medical insurance cover that enables you and your family to enjoy an unparalleled benefit package.

No Maximum Age Limit

Nobody is too old to register and enjoy the NHIF Supa Cover​

No Pre-existing Conditions
NHIF Supa Cover doesn't check for pre-existing health conditions.

No Maximum Number of Children
We do not have a limit on the number of legal children one can add to their card.

Largest Number of Service Centers
We have have over 8,000 contracted facilities supported by over 100 service outlets and digital platforms.

About UHC Supa Cover
Let's Answer Some of Your
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I reach you?
You can reach us by calling out Toll Free line 0800 720 601, through email at info@nhif.or.ke, or through our social media on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or LinkedIn,or through additional contacts on our Contact Page.

How can I register as a self-employed member with NHIF?
Click here to visit the online registration and follow the prompts. Alternatively, you can visit the nearest NHIF office with copies of national ID card for you and your spouse, copies of birth certificates (for children above six months) and birth notification (for children under 6 months),and coloured passport size photographs one each.
How can I register as an employed member with NHIF?
For new registration of employed persons attach an introduction letter or have the form stamped by the employer (excludes self-employed/voluntary contributors) or visit our online registration portal by clicking here.

How can I add my kids to my NHIF card?
Kindly fill out an amendment form in any of our branches countrywide & attach:
i) Copies of birth certificates for kids over 6 months or a copy of birth notification for kids who are aged 6 months & below.
ii) Kid’s passport photo.
iii) Copy of Principal Members National Identity Card

After how long will I access benefits upon registering with NHIF?
For self-employed access to benefits will be after 60 days from the date of payment and 30 days for those in formal employment.

How do I check the status of my card?
You can always check your status or get your NHIF details by sending a text message with the format [ID {space} Your ID Number] e.g. (ID 12345678) to 1550, by dialling *155#, using the ‘My NHIF’ App which can be downloaded from Google Play or App Store or the NHIF Selfcare Platform.
 
How do I choose or change my outpatient facility?
You can always choose or change your facility by dialling *155#, using the ‘My NHIF’ App which can be downloaded from Google Play or App Store or the NHIF Selfcare Platform.
 
 
What happens if I have not paid for more than a year
If your card is inactive for more than 12 months, you will get a waiver of all your penalties and you can start making your monthly contributions a fresh. Your card will be active after 2 months (60days).

Click the link below to access a detailed page of frequently asked questions.

FAQs
Old Man Pointing Left
Do you have any
Queries or Concerns?
Contact us today for any queries, concerns or clarifications you may have. You can contact us on our social media platforms on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or by dialling our Toll-Free Number 0800 720 601.

Contact Us
Newsletter
Subscribe to get the latest news and updates from our blog!

Email
Enter Your Email
Contact Us
NHIF Building, Community Area, Ragati Road
P.O. BOX 30443-00100, Nairobi, Kenya
Toll Free Telephone:
0800 720 601
NHIF Branch Network

Quick Links
FAQs
Blog
Careers
Staff Mail
Sharepoint
Integrated
Byproduct
Mobile App
Get it on Google Play
Available on the App Store
Support
General: info@nhif.or.ke
Enquiry: customercare@nhif.or.ke
Complaints: complaints@nhif.or.ke
Fraud: fraud@nhif.or.ke
Fraud Line: 020-271 0335
Fax: (020) 271 4806
Copyright © 2023 National Health Insurance Fund

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Linkedin
en EN 
